Adds the ability to create Python-only property types (#387)
NWChemEx-Project/PluginPlay: docs/source/developer/design/property_type.rst

values, descriptions, etc. It is the responsibility of the ``FieldTuple``
objects to define as simple of an :ref:`api` as possible.

Python Property Types
=====================

Property types defined in C++ can be used in Python so long as the types in the
interface are registered with pybind11. Some users will want to

> define their property types in Python though. In such case sthe inputs/results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define their property types in Python though. In such cases the inputs/results
```
